% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
\PassOptionsToPackage{dvipsnames,svgnames,x11names}{xcolor}
%
\documentclass[
  letterpaper,
  DIV=11,
  numbers=noendperiod]{scrreprt}

\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
\usepackage{lmodern}
\ifPDFTeX\else  
    % xetex/luatex font selection
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
% Make \paragraph and \subparagraph free-standing
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldparagraph\paragraph
  \renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
  \renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi


\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}\usepackage{longtable,booktabs,array}
\usepackage{calc} % for calculating minipage widths
% Correct order of tables after \paragraph or \subparagraph
\usepackage{etoolbox}
\makeatletter
\patchcmd\longtable{\par}{\if@noskipsec\mbox{}\fi\par}{}{}
\makeatother
% Allow footnotes in longtable head/foot
\IfFileExists{footnotehyper.sty}{\usepackage{footnotehyper}}{\usepackage{footnote}}
\makesavenoteenv{longtable}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage{fontspec}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\newlength\Oldarrayrulewidth
\newlength\Oldtabcolsep
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{float}
\usepackage{wrapfig}
\KOMAoption{captions}{tableheading}
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{bookmark}{}{\usepackage{bookmark}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{caption}{}{\usepackage{caption}}
\AtBeginDocument{%
\ifdefined\contentsname
  \renewcommand*\contentsname{Table of contents}
\else
  \newcommand\contentsname{Table of contents}
\fi
\ifdefined\listfigurename
  \renewcommand*\listfigurename{List of Figures}
\else
  \newcommand\listfigurename{List of Figures}
\fi
\ifdefined\listtablename
  \renewcommand*\listtablename{List of Tables}
\else
  \newcommand\listtablename{List of Tables}
\fi
\ifdefined\figurename
  \renewcommand*\figurename{Figure}
\else
  \newcommand\figurename{Figure}
\fi
\ifdefined\tablename
  \renewcommand*\tablename{Table}
\else
  \newcommand\tablename{Table}
\fi
}
\@ifpackageloaded{float}{}{\usepackage{float}}
\floatstyle{ruled}
\@ifundefined{c@chapter}{\newfloat{codelisting}{h}{lop}}{\newfloat{codelisting}{h}{lop}[chapter]}
\floatname{codelisting}{Listing}
\newcommand*\listoflistings{\listof{codelisting}{List of Listings}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{caption}{}{\usepackage{caption}}
\@ifpackageloaded{subcaption}{}{\usepackage{subcaption}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{tcolorbox}{}{\usepackage[skins,breakable]{tcolorbox}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{shadecolor}{\definecolor{shadecolor}{rgb}{.97, .97, .97}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\ifLuaTeX
\usepackage[bidi=basic]{babel}
\else
\usepackage[bidi=default]{babel}
\fi
\babelprovide[main,import]{english}
% get rid of language-specific shorthands (see #6817):
\let\LanguageShortHands\languageshorthands
\def\languageshorthands#1{}
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Manual and Dictionary SMART for Health - Rangers},
  pdfauthor={Wildlife Conservation Society - Health Program},
  pdflang={en},
  colorlinks=true,
  linkcolor={blue},
  filecolor={Maroon},
  citecolor={Blue},
  urlcolor={Blue},
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}

\title{Manual and Dictionary SMART for Health - Rangers}
\author{Wildlife Conservation Society - Health Program}
\date{2025-08-04}

\begin{document}
\maketitle
\ifdefined\Shaded\renewenvironment{Shaded}{\begin{tcolorbox}[sharp corners, enhanced, borderline west={3pt}{0pt}{shadecolor}, boxrule=0pt, interior hidden, breakable, frame hidden]}{\end{tcolorbox}}\fi

\renewcommand*\contentsname{Table of contents}
{
\hypersetup{linkcolor=}
\setcounter{tocdepth}{2}
\tableofcontents
}
\bookmarksetup{startatroot}

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\chapter*{Introduction}\label{introduction}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Introduction}

\markboth{Introduction}{Introduction}

This is the Manual and Dictionary of SMART for Health - Rangers.

To view the definition of an Attribute or Option in particular, please
select the appropriate language on left, click on ``Dictionary SMART for
Health - Rangers'' and then select the Category containing the
Attribute(s) and the Option(s) to check from the menu on the right.

\bookmarksetup{startatroot}

\hypertarget{manual-smart-for-health---rangers}{%
\chapter*{Manual SMART for Health -
Rangers}\label{manual-smart-for-health---rangers}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Manual SMART for Health - Rangers}

\markboth{Manual SMART for Health - Rangers}{Manual SMART for Health -
Rangers}

Version 1.3.0 July, 2024

This manual describes SMART for Health for Rangers recording wildlife
morbidity and mortality and collecting specimens from the field. The
Manual explains its proper use in SMART Mobile.

The current manual applies to the Spatial Monitoring and Reporting Tool
(SMART) version 7. For more information about the SMART please visit
\url{https://smartconservationtools.org/}. To learn more about how to
use SMART Desktop and Connect please visit
\url{https://smartconservationtools.org/}.

\hypertarget{introduction-1}{%
\section*{Introduction}\label{introduction-1}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Introduction}

\markright{Introduction}

The Spatial Monitoring and Reporting Tool (SMART) is an approach
originally designed to support law enforcement in protected areas. SMART
provides a set of technological tools: SMART Desktop, SMART Mobile, and
SMART Connect. SMART Mobile is a smartphone app that supports smooth and
standardized data collection in the field, keeps track of the
spatiotemporal coordinates of the users and of the data being collected,
allows the collection of image and audio data in the field, and allows
real-time communication of data to out-of-the-field focal points through
SMART Connect when internet connection is available. This real-time
connection provides the opportunity to promptly react to detected
events.

The WCS - Health Program has created a SMART data model to track
Wildlife Health Events and the specimens collected from these Events
(SMART for Health). This data model can be understood as reference to be
integrated into ``SMART Patrol Packages'' used in protected areas and
installed in SMART Mobile to support the collection of information from
these Events. Here we describe how SMART for Health data model can be
used by rangers to record their observations of dead, sick, or injured
wildlife and track the specimens collected when these animals are found.
The purpose of this manual is to explain the use of SMART for Health in
the field; therefore, the manual \textbf{does not explain} how to
install SMART Desktop, Mobile, or Connect or how to load SMART for
Health in the mobile devices.

In this manual, we capitalize nouns such as \textbf{Attributes,
Categories, Incidents}, and others when they refer to SMART components.

\hypertarget{smart-data-structure}{%
\section*{SMART Data Structure}\label{smart-data-structure}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{SMART Data Structure}

\markright{SMART Data Structure}

A summary of the data structure in SMART is provided below.

SMART Incidents within a SMART Patrol:

\includegraphics{Pictures_for_manual/Picture1.png}

Or SMART Incidents outside of a SMART Patrol:

\includegraphics{Pictures_for_manual/Picture2.png}

Starting at the bottom of either approach, SMART for Health facilitates
the collection of field observations (\textbf{SMART Observations}) to
describe the categories of information that compose a \textbf{Wildlife
Health Event}. These \textbf{Events} are recorded as rangers find
\textbf{dead, sick, or injured animals during their} \textbf{patrols.}

\hypertarget{smart-patrol}{%
\subsection*{SMART Patrol}\label{smart-patrol}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Patrol}

A \textbf{SMART Patrol} is the period during which rangers are
patrolling the protected areas and record data using SMART Mobile. A
Patrol is initiated by clicking the ``Start Patrol'' button and once the
information requested in the ``Start Patrol'' screen is completed (see
SMART Manual).

\hypertarget{smart-incident}{%
\subsection*{SMART Incident}\label{smart-incident}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Incident}

A \textbf{SMART Incident} is a set of observations made in the field at
the same spatiotemporal location. For example, rangers patrolling a
protected area find carcasses of wild boars. The wild boars represent an
Event of interest to be recorded.

\hypertarget{smart-observation}{%
\subsection*{SMART Observation}\label{smart-observation}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Observation}

A \textbf{SMART Observation} is a specific class of information within a
\textbf{SMART Incident}. Each Observation can relate specifically to the
characteristics of the environment, the species observed, the type of
individuals sampled, or the samples collected.

\textbf{SMART Observations are added to a SMART Incident using SMART
Categories}. An Observation is added by completing a SMART Category.

\textbf{SMART Observations} of each \textbf{SMART Incident} are saved as
a unique packages of information at the same specific time and location.

\hypertarget{smart-category}{%
\subsection*{SMART Category}\label{smart-category}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Category}

A \textbf{SMART Category} is a set of \textbf{SMART Attributes} that
request information about a specific topic within a Wildlife Health
Event.

\hypertarget{smart-attribute}{%
\subsection*{SMART Attribute}\label{smart-attribute}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Attribute}

When a SMART Category is selected, a set of fields are displayed on the
screen corresponding to specific data items requested within a Category.
Each one of them is a SMART Attribute. Attributes are mandatory or
optional. Mandatory Attributes are identified with a grey asterisk and
they must be completed to record the SMART Observation. Mandatory
Attributes with missing information will turn red if the check mark
symbol on the top-right of the screen is clicked on.

\hypertarget{smart-attribute-and-record-level-attribute-options}{%
\subsection*{SMART Attribute and Record-level Attribute
Options}\label{smart-attribute-and-record-level-attribute-options}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SMART Attribute and Record-level
Attribute Options}

Attribute Options are the preset choices used to answer a list or
multilist Attribute or Record-level Attribute.

\hypertarget{wildlife-health-event}{%
\section*{Wildlife Health Event}\label{wildlife-health-event}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Wildlife Health Event}

\markright{Wildlife Health Event}

A \textbf{Wildlife Health Event} is a discrete spatiotemporal set of
field findings that are relevant for the goals of wildlife health
surveillance. \textbf{A standalone group of healthy animals is not a
Wildlife Health Event}. \textbf{However, when rangers find a group of
dead, sick, or injured animals, the healthy animals present at the Event
are important to document.}

A Wildlife Health Event for rangers is defined as ``the presence of at
least one observably unhealthy animal (sick, injured, or dead),
irrespective of the cause, at a specific location and point in time,
along with all other `healthy' animals and potentially relevant
environmental features at the same specific spatiotemporal location. The
animals can be wild or domestic and free-ranging, hunted, or captive''.

Wildlife Health Event examples include: (1) a group of dead, sick, and
healthy waterfowl on the shore of a pond, (2) the identification of
poisoned carnivores, and (3) an injured herbivore.

\textbf{If it is epidemiologically relevant, a Wildlife Health Event may
include livestock or domestic species!} For example, rangers find a
group of dead wild ungulates and they suspect the cause was an
infectious disease. In the same area where they found the dead
ungulates, the rangers also observed livestock roaming. In this case,
the livestock could be a potential source of the suspected infectious
disease for the wild ungulates.

\hypertarget{wildlife-health-events-in-smart}{%
\section*{Wildlife Health Events in
SMART}\label{wildlife-health-events-in-smart}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Wildlife Health Events in SMART}

\markright{Wildlife Health Events in SMART}

A \textbf{Wildlife Health Event (see below) is documented as a SMART
Incident} within a \textbf{SMART Patrol}. A Wildlife Health Event is
recorded by collecting \textbf{SMART Observations} through the
completion of \textbf{SMART Categories} and their SMART Attributes
available in the referential \textbf{SMART for Health Patrol Package}
for \textbf{SMART Mobile}. In the case of the \textbf{referential}
\textbf{SMART for Health} patrol package, the SMART Categories are
``Site Description'', ``Wildlife'', ``Livestock - Domestic Species'',
and ``Animal and Samples''.

The diagram below shows the referential \textbf{SMART Categories} of
information to record Wildlife Health Events and their hierarchy:

\includegraphics{Pictures_for_manual/Picture3.png}

The \textbf{SMART Categories in the referential SMART for Health} in
\textbf{SMART Mobile} look like this:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture4.png}

\hypertarget{smart-categories-in-smart-for-health}{%
\section*{SMART Categories in SMART for
Health}\label{smart-categories-in-smart-for-health}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{SMART Categories in SMART for Health}

\markright{SMART Categories in SMART for Health}

\hypertarget{site-description-event-level}{%
\subsection*{Site Description (Event
level)}\label{site-description-event-level}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Site Description (Event level)}

This Category is used to collect information about environmental threats
where the Wildlife Health Event is observed if any.

\hypertarget{wildlife-species-level}{%
\subsection*{Wildlife (Species level)}\label{wildlife-species-level}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Wildlife (Species level)}

This Category is used to describe wildlife species at the Wildlife
Health Event. This Category should be use once per species observed per
Event. For example, if three species of waterfowl are observed in a
Wildlife Health Event, this Category should be used three times to
document the species involved in the Event (once per species).

\hypertarget{livestock---domestic-species-species-level}{%
\subsection*{Livestock - Domestic Species (Species
level)}\label{livestock---domestic-species-species-level}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Livestock - Domestic Species (Species
level)}

This Category is used to describe all domestic animals observed. This
Category should be used once per domestic species observed in a Wildlife
Health Event.

\hypertarget{animal-and-samples-individual-animal-level-and-its-samples}{%
\subsection*{Animal and Samples (Individual animal level and its
samples)}\label{animal-and-samples-individual-animal-level-and-its-samples}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Animal and Samples (Individual animal
level and its samples)}

This Category describes specific individual animals belonging to any of
the species documented for the Wildlife Health Event and the samples
collected from them.

In summary, the figure below shows how Observations of a Wildlife Health
Event are collected as a \textbf{SMART Incident}:

\includegraphics{Pictures_for_manual/Picture5.png}

The description of Attributes, Record-level Attributes, and Options
across the Categories used in SMART for Health is provided in the data
dictionary accessible
\href{https://dmontecino.github.io/SMART_for_Heath_Rangers_Dictionary/Dictionary.html}{here}.

\hypertarget{using-smart-for-health}{%
\section*{Using SMART for Health}\label{using-smart-for-health}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Using SMART for Health}

\markright{Using SMART for Health}

To document a Wildlife Health Event, SMART for Health users add
Observations using the different Categories.

\hypertarget{add-an-observation-to-the-incident}{%
\subsection*{Add an Observation to the
Incident}\label{add-an-observation-to-the-incident}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Add an Observation to the Incident}

\textbf{Click on the ``Make Observation''}. Selecting this option opens
the menu of Categories:

\includegraphics[width=5.83333in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture6.png}

\hypertarget{record-relevant-environmental-findings-at-the-event-site}{%
\subsection*{Record Relevant Environmental Findings at the Event
Site}\label{record-relevant-environmental-findings-at-the-event-site}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Record Relevant Environmental Findings
at the Event Site}

Click on the \textbf{Site Description} Category if a relevant
environmental process is found at the Event and fill in the
``\textbf{Findings}'' Attribute. Multiple types of sources can be
selected in this Attribute.

If ``\textbf{Other Findings}'' is selected by itself or together with
other environmental processes, then a new Attribute ``\textbf{Other
Findings}'' provide the space to write another anthropogenic activity
not present in the list. Once the Attributes are satisfactorily
completed, click on the check mark on the top-right corner of the
screen:

\includegraphics[width=8.75in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture7.png}

If you want to clear the data added to an Attribute, click on the
Attribute, hold and slide to the left, and click ``Yes''. Take
photographs of the area if relevant. If you want to cancel the addition
of a Category to the Incident, select the left arrow in the top-left
corner of the screen. If you already added the Category to the Incident
but want to remove it, click on the Category to be removed, hold and
slide to the left, and confirm the deletion.

\hypertarget{record-the-species-observed}{%
\subsection*{Record the Species
Observed}\label{record-the-species-observed}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Record the Species Observed}

The ``\textbf{Wildlife}'' and ``\textbf{Livestock - Domestic Species}''
Categories are used to record the species in a Wildlife Health Event. At
least one animal of a species must be observed in order to add species
level information (``Wildlife'' or ``Livestock - Domestic Species'').
For example, if a single sick lion is observed in a Wildlife Health
Event, then this species must be documented using the
``\textbf{Wildlife}'' Category once. If twenty lions are observed in a
Wildlife Health Event, then this species must be documented using the
``\textbf{Wildlife}'' Category once. If two wildlife species are
observed in a Wildlife Health Event, then the ``\textbf{Wildlife}''
Category should be used twice to document each one of these species.

First, select the ``\textbf{Wildlife}'' or ``\textbf{Livestock -
Domestic Species}'' Categories depending on the species of animal to
record. Then, select the adequate option from the ``Species'' Attribute.
In the case of the ``Wildlife'' Category, if the species or a higher
level taxonomy is known but it is not listed in the ``Species'
Attribute, it is possible to select the''\textbf{Species not Listed}''
option. Consequently, the Attribute ``\textbf{Provide Species Not
Listed}'' will become available to type the species common or scientific
name, or any taxonomy level known (e.g.~the taxonomic genus, family,
order, or class):

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture8.png}

Complete the ``\textbf{Context}'' Attribute. This is a multilist
Attribute and it is used to understand the capture, captivity, or
hunting conditions of the animals. Select ``Free-ranging'' if the
animals being recorded are not captured at all. Choose ``Hunted and not
Displaced'' when the individuals of the species observed are hunted or
captured and at the original hunting location. For example, in a snare
in the field. Choose ``Hunted and Displaced'' when the individuals of
the species observed are hunted or captured and moved from the original
point of capture. Choose from the remaining Options (``Farm'',
``Household'', ``Zoo'', etc.) when the individuals of the species
observed are in a captivity facility:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture9.png}

Provide the number of healthy, sick or injured, and dead animals
belonging to the same species no matter their age or sex using the
``\textbf{Number Healthy Animals''},''\textbf{Number Sick or Injured
Animals''}, and ``\textbf{Number of Dead Animals''} Attributes. The
count of individuals per health status per species must include the
animals that provide samples and that are documented using
the''\textbf{Animal and Samples}'' Category:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture10.png}

The addition of at least one sick or injured animal brings to the screen
the ``\textbf{Anomalies in Sick or Injured Animals}'' and the
``\textbf{Potential Cause Disease or Injury}'' Attributes. Complete
these Attributes by selecting one or more options about what is observed
in the animals of the species recorded and what could be the cause of
disease or injury. If no obvious anomalies are observed or a potential
cause of disease or injury is not identifiable, then select ``No obvious
anomalies'' and ``Unknown'', respectively:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture11.png}

If an \textbf{anomaly} is \textbf{not present in the list of options} in
the ``Anomalies in Sick or Injured Animals'' Attribute, then select
``\textbf{Other}'' and a new Attribute ``\textbf{Other Anomalies Sick or
Injured}'' will become available to write the non-listed anomaly. If
``Predation'' is selected as the potential cause of disease or injury
for wildlife, then the Attribute ``\textbf{Carnivore Attack}'' becomes
available in the screen to provide the type of potential carnivore
attacker:

\includegraphics[width=8.75in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture12.png}

Provide any extra information using the ``\textbf{Other Relevant
Information}'' text Attribute.

Similarly, the addition of at least one dead animal brings to the screen
the ``\textbf{Anomalies in Dead Animals}'' and the ``\textbf{Potential
Cause of Death}'' Attributes. Complete these Attributes as explained
above. Moreover, the Attribute ``\textbf{Condition Dead Animals}'' will
become available to document the freshness of the carcasses recorded.
Just like the ``\textbf{Anomalies in Sick or Injured Animals}'',
``\textbf{Anomalies in Dead Animals}'', ``\textbf{Potential Cause of
Disease or Injury}'', and ``\textbf{Potential Cause of Death}'', this is
a multilist Attribute as many carcasses of the same species in different
rotting stages could be found in the same Wildlife Health Event. Select
the corresponding options:

\includegraphics[width=11.66667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture13.png}

Take photographs of the animals as needed by clicking on the photograph
camera icon on the top-left corner of the Attribute screen. The camera
on the device will turn on to take photographs:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture14.png}

\hypertarget{record-individual-animals-and-their-samples}{%
\subsection*{Record Individual Animals and Their
Samples}\label{record-individual-animals-and-their-samples}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Record Individual Animals and Their
Samples}

Individual animal data are needed only for those healthy, sick or
injured, and dead animals that provide samples or when the health
monitoring mandate expects the collection of health information at the
individual level. Add as many Observations using the ``\textbf{Animal
and Samples}'' Category as individual animals are documented. Animals
recorded individually must \textbf{also} be included in the count of
healthy, sick, injured, or dead animals of the corresponding species
documented through the ``\textbf{Wildlife''} or''\textbf{Livestock -
Domestic Species}'' Categories . For example, if samples were collected
from a single sick lion, but two individuals of this species were
observed at the Wildlife Health Event, then the ``\textbf{Wildlife}''
Category is used to document the two animals of the Lion species. The
``\textbf{Animal and Samples}'' Category is used to document the sampled
lion.

Click on the ``\textbf{Animal and Samples}'' Category and complete the
Attributes:

\includegraphics[width=5.83333in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture15.png}

The ``\textbf{Species}'' and ``\textbf{Context}'' Attributes are the
same as in the ``\textbf{Wildlife}'' and ``\textbf{Livestock - Domestic
Species}'' Categories. Complete the ``\textbf{Animal ID}'' field
following a standard structure. The ``\textbf{Initial Health Status}''
Attribute is a single choice Attribute and it requests the health status
at initial observation of the animal (``Found Dead'', ``Found Live
Healthy'', ``Found Live Sick or Injured'', and ``Animal Parts'').
Selecting any of these Options, except ``Found Live Healthy'', will make
the Attributes ``\textbf{Anomalies Observed}'' and ``\textbf{Potential
Cause}'' to become available in the screen. Complete these Attributes
following the explanation for the ``\textbf{Anomalies in Sick or Injured
Animals}'' and ``\textbf{Potential Cause of Disease or Injury}''
Attributes provided in the section ``Record the Species Observed''
above. Selecting the Option ``\textbf{Found Dead}'' will also make the
Attribute ``\textbf{Condition Dead Animal}'' appear on the screen.
Complete this Attribute as explained in the previous section but this
time selecting a single choice only. Provide the ``\textbf{Age}'', and
``\textbf{Sex}'' of the individual animal by selecting one Option in
each Attribute:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture16.png}

If samples are collected from an animal, then the sample information can
be nested in the corresponding individual using the ``\textbf{Records}''
Attribute. Once this button is clicked, a new screen will request to
``Add Record''. Click on this button to add the first sample using the
Record-level Attributes ``\textbf{Sample ID}'', ``\textbf{Sample
Type}'', and ``\textbf{Collected Directly from Animal}''. The
``\textbf{Sample ID}'' Record-level Attribute is to provide a code
following an established standard to uniquely identify the sample of the
animal. Select a single option from the ``\textbf{Sample Type}''
Record-level Attribute to document the type of tissue collected from the
animal. Finally, report if the sample was directly collected from the
animal or not by completing the Record-level Attribute
``\textbf{Collected Directly from Animal}'':

\includegraphics[width=8.75in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture17.png}

Click on the check mark on the top-right corner of the screen to confirm
the addition of the sample. Click on the ``Add Record'' again in the
``Records'' screen to document a new sample of the same individual. As
new samples are added, the ``Records'' screen will show the list of
samples:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/Picture18.png}

After all samples collected from an animal have been documented, click
on the check mark on the top-right corner of the screen to confirm their
addition. If you want to leave the ``Records'' screen without confirming
the addition of samples, select the left arrow in the top-left corner of
the screen. If you want to delete a sample from the list, click on the
Record, hold, swipe to the left, and confirm the deletion. Once the user
is back in the ``Animal and Samples'' screen, the ``Records'' Attribute
will indicate the number of samples added for the individual.

If the ``Health Status'' selected is ``Found Dead'' then the Attribute
``\textbf{Was the Carcass Collected?}'' needs to be completed (see image
above). This Attribute is to track if the carcass of the animal was
brought to headquarters or to another facility where it can be stored or
a necropsy can be conducted. Finally, use the Attribute''\textbf{Other
Relevant Information}'' to report any other important data. Once the
Attributes have been completed, click on the check mark in the top-right
corner of the ``Animal and Samples'' screen and the new
\textbf{Observation} (``Animal and Samples'') will be listed for the
current Event. For a definition of the Attributes and Options see the
Data Dictionary.

\hypertarget{example}{%
\subsection*{Example}\label{example}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{Example}

A Wildlife Disease Event with:

\begin{itemize}
\item
  One or more relevant environmental findings
\item
  A wildlife species (captive or not) and a livestock or domestic
  species (captive or not)
\item
  Two sampled individuals of any of the species recorded
\end{itemize}

looks like this:

\includegraphics[width=2.91667in,height=\textheight]{Pictures_for_manual/picture19.png}

\bookmarksetup{startatroot}

\hypertarget{dictionary-smart-for-health---rangers}{%
\chapter*{Dictionary SMART for Health -
Rangers}\label{dictionary-smart-for-health---rangers}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Dictionary SMART for Health - Rangers}

\markboth{Dictionary SMART for Health - Rangers}{Dictionary SMART for
Health - Rangers}

Version 1.3.0 July, 2024

To view the definition of an Attribute or Option in particular, please
select the appropriate language on the left side and then select the
Category containing the Attribute(s) and the Option(s) to check from the
menu on the right side.

\hypertarget{site-description-category}{%
\section*{Site Description Category}\label{site-description-category}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Site Description Category}

\markright{Site Description Category}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable*}[c]{|p{1.97in}|p{0.75in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}}



\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}\endfirsthead 

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Flooded\ Area}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Garbage}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Burning}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Carcass\ disposal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sewage\ discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fertilizers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Chemicals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Smoke\ or\ smog}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Logging}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-10}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Findings}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-10}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Findings}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-10}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Select\ one\ or\ more\ items\ that\ are\ present\ at\ the\ Event.\ If\ there\ are\ other\ relevant\ features\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ provided\ in\ the\ options\ that\ could\ have\ disease\ or\ death\ implications,\ it\ is\ possible\ to\ select\ the\ option\ 'Other\ Findings'\ and\ a\ text\ box\ will\ pop-up\ to\ describe\ them}}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Findings}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Describe\ other\ relevant\ features\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ provided\ in\ the\ }}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\linebreak }}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 'Findings'\ list\ that\ could\ have\ \ \ \ \ }}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\linebreak }}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ disease\ or\ death\ implications}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-4}



\end{longtable*}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\hypertarget{wildlife-category}{%
\section*{Wildlife Category}\label{wildlife-category}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Wildlife Category}

\markright{Wildlife Category}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable*}[c]{|p{1.97in}|p{0.75in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}}



\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead 

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ wildlife\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Species\ Not\ Listed}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Select\ this\ option\ if\ the\ species\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ not\ in\ the\ list}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Provide\ Species\ Not\ Listed}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ the\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ if\ it\ is\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Species'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ observed\ in\ their\ habitat\ and\ not\ hunted,\ captured,\ captive,\ or\ restricted.\ These\ animals\ could\ be\ captured\ for\ health\ surveillance\ purposes\ and\ still\ be\ considered\ 'free-ranging'}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Not\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ they\ have\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ caged\ animals\ in\ posession\ of\ a\ walking\ hunter\ in\ a\ protected\ area}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Rescue/Rehabilitation\ Center}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ they\ have\ not\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ animals\ observed\ in\ the\ trap\ set\ by\ a\ hunter}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Free-ranging}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ rehabilitation/rescue\ center}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Farm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ farm}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Household}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ household}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Research\ or\ Conservation\ Capture}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ are\ registered\ as\ part\ of\ a\ research\ or\ conservation\ capture\ not\ related\ with\ health\ surveillance}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Market}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ market}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Context}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ context\ in\ which\ the\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ are\ found.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Tradepost}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ trade\ post}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Healthy\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ healthy\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{NUMERIC}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No\ Obvious\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Gas\ Content}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Behavior}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bad\ Smell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bleeding,\ Wound,\ Bruises}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Part\ Missing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Diarrhea\ or\ Vomiting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Difficult\ Breathing\ Coughing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fracture,\ Deformation,\ Inflamation,\ Prolapse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Loss\ of\ Hair\ and\ Feathers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oiled/Covered\ by\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Problem\ Standing\ Walking\ Flying}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin\ Abnormality}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thin\ or\ Skinny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Withish,\ Reddish,\ Yellow\ Discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Anomalies\ in\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Anomalies\ Sick\ or\ Injured}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Anomalies\ in\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dehydration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Drowned}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Electrocution}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Entagled}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fishing\ Gear}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gunshot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Old\ Age}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Non-Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poison\ or\ Toxin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Predation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stranded}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Starvation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Traditional\ Weapon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trap\ or\ Snare}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trauma\ or\ Collision}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Potential\ Cause\ Disease\ or\ Injury}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ potential\ causes\ of\ disease\ or\ injury\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vehicle\ Accident}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Dead\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{NUMERIC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fresh\ Carcass}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Early\ Descomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Leathered\ Skin\ and\ Bones}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Condition\ Dead\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ condition\ of\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ he\ corresponding\ species\ found\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Advanced\ Decomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No\ Obvious\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Behavior}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Gas\ Content}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bad\ Smell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bleeding,\ Wound,\ Bruises}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Part\ Missing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Diarrhea\ or\ Vomiting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Difficult\ Breathing\ Coughing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fracture,\ Deformation,\ Inflamation,\ Prolapse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Loss\ of\ Hair\ and\ Feathers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oiled/Covered\ by\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Problem\ Standing\ Walking\ Flying}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin\ Abnormality}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thin\ or\ Skinny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Whitish,\ Reddish,\ Yellow\ Discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Anomalies\ in\ Dead\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-20}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Anomalies\ Dead}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Anomalies\ in\ Dead\ Animals'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Drowned}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dehydration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Electrocution}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Entangled}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fishing\ Gear}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gunshot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Old\ Age}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Non-infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poison\ or\ Toxin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Predation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Starvation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stranded}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Traditional\ Weapon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trap\ or\ Snare}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trauma\ or\ Collision}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Potential\ Cause\ Death}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ potential\ causes\ of\ death\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vehicle\ Accident}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dog}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Cat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Wild\ Carnivore}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Carnivore\ Attack}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ type\ of\ carnivore\ associated\ with\ predation\ if\ among\ the\ potential\ cause\ of\ injury\ or\ death\ the\ 'Predation'\ option\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Yes,\ But\ Unknown\ Carnivore}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Relevant\ Information}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ any\ other\ relevant\ information\ regarding\ the\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable*}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\hypertarget{livestock---domestic-animals-category}{%
\section*{Livestock - Domestic Animals
Category}\label{livestock---domestic-animals-category}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Livestock - Domestic Animals Category}

\markright{Livestock - Domestic Animals Category}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable*}[c]{|p{1.97in}|p{0.75in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}}



\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}\endfirsthead 

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Cow}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Domestic\ Duck}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Goat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Horse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Pig}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poultry}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sheep}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dog}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Cat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Mammal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-11}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Species}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-11}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-11}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ livestock\ or\ domestic\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Fowl\ Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-11}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Free-ranging}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ observed\ in\ their\ habitat\ and\ not\ hunted,\ captured,\ captive,\ or\ restricted.\ These\ animals\ could\ be\ captured\ for\ health\ surveillance\ purposes\ and\ still\ be\ considered\ 'free-ranging'}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ they\ have\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ caged\ animals\ in\ posession\ of\ a\ walking\ hunter\ in\ a\ protected\ area}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Not\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ they\ have\ not\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ animals\ observed\ in\ the\ trap\ set\ by\ a\ hunter}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Rescue/Rehabilitation\ Center}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ rehabilitation/rescue\ center}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Farm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ farm}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Household}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ household}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Research\ or\ Conservation\ Capture}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ are\ registered\ as\ part\ of\ a\ research\ or\ conservation\ capture\ not\ related\ with\ health\ surveillance}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Market}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ market}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Context}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ context\ in\ which\ the\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ are\ found.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Tradepost}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ registered\ at\ the\ Event\ are\ kept\ in\ a\ trade\ post}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Healthy\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ healthy\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{NUMERIC}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No\ Obvious\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Gas\ Content}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Behavior}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bad\ Smell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bleeding,\ Wound,\ Bruises}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Part\ Missing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Diarrhea\ or\ Vomiting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Difficult\ Breathing\ Coughing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fracture,\ Deformation,\ Inflamation,\ Prolapse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Loss\ of\ Hair\ and\ Feathers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oiled/Covered\ by\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Problem\ Standing\ Walking\ Flying}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin\ Abnormality}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thin\ or\ Skinny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Withish,\ Reddish,\ Yellow\ Discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Anomalies\ in\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Anomalies\ Sick\ or\ Injured}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Anomalies\ in\ Sick\ or\ Injured\ Animals'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dehydration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Drowned}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Electrocution}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Entagled}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fishing\ Gear}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gunshot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Old\ Age}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Non-Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poison\ or\ Toxin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Predation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stranded}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Starvation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Traditional\ Weapon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trap\ or\ Snare}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trauma\ or\ Collision}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Potential\ Cause\ Disease\ or\ Injury}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ potential\ causes\ of\ disease\ or\ injury\ in\ the\ sick\ or\ injured\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vehicle\ Accident}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Number\ Dead\ Animals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{NUMERIC}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ number\ of\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fresh\ Carcass}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Early\ Descomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Leathered\ Skin\ and\ Bones}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Condition\ Dead\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ condition\ of\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ he\ corresponding\ species\ found\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Advanced\ Decomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No\ Obvious\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Behavior}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Gas\ Content}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bad\ Smell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bleeding,\ Wound,\ Bruises}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Part\ Missing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Diarrhea\ or\ Vomiting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Difficult\ Breathing\ Coughing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fracture,\ Deformation,\ Inflamation,\ Prolapse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Loss\ of\ Hair\ and\ Feathers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oiled/Covered\ by\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Problem\ Standing\ Walking\ Flying}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin\ Abnormality}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thin\ or\ Skinny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Whitish,\ Reddish,\ Yellow\ Discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Anomalies\ in\ Dead\ Animals}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-20}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ \ }}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Anomalies\ Dead}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ anomalies\ observed\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Anomalies\ in\ Dead\ Animals'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Drowned}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dehydration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Electrocution}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Entangled}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fishing\ Gear}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gunshot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Old\ Age}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Non-infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poison\ or\ Toxin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Predation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Starvation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stranded}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Traditional\ Weapon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trap\ or\ Snare}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trauma\ or\ Collision}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{4-4}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Potential\ Cause\ Death}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ potential\ causes\ of\ death\ in\ the\ dead\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vehicle\ Accident}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Relevant\ Information}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ any\ other\ relevant\ information\ regarding\ the\ animals\ of\ the\ corresponding\ species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-5}



\end{longtable*}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}

\hypertarget{animal-and-samples-category}{%
\section*{Animal and Samples
Category}\label{animal-and-samples-category}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{Animal and Samples Category}

\markright{Animal and Samples Category}

\global\setlength{\Oldarrayrulewidth}{\arrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\Oldtabcolsep}{\tabcolsep}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}



\providecommand{\ascline}[3]{\noalign{\global\arrayrulewidth #1}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\begin{longtable*}[c]{|p{1.97in}|p{0.75in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}|p{2.76in}}



\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Tree\ Root}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}\endfirsthead 

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Type}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Attribute}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Tree\ Root}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Option}}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{\linebreak }}}\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textbf{Definition}}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ species\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Species\ Not\ Listed}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Select\ this\ option\ if\ the\ species\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ not\ in\ the\ list}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Provide\ Species\ Not\ Listed}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ the\ species\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ if\ it\ is\ not\ given\ in\ the\ 'Species'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animal\ ID}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ code\ to\ identify\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ individually}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Free-ranging}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ found\ in\ its\ habitat\ and\ not\ hunted,\ captured,\ captive,\ or\ restricted.\ The\ animal\ captured\ for\ health\ surveillance\ purposes\ is\ considered\ 'free-ranging'}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ it\ has\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ a\ caged\ animal\ in\ posession\ of\ a\ walking\ hunter\ in\ a\ protected\ area}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hunted\ and\ Not\ Displaced}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ hunted\ or\ captured\ at\ the\ time\ of\ the\ observation;\ however,\ it\ has\ not\ been\ displaced\ from\ the\ original\ place\ of\ hunt\ or\ capture.\ For\ example,\ an\ animal\ observed\ in\ the\ trap\ set\ by\ a\ hunter}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Rescue/Rehabilitation\ Center}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ kept\ in\ a\ rehabilitation/rescue\ center}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Farm}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ kept\ in\ a\ farm}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Household}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ kept\ in\ a\ household}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Research\ or\ Conservation\ Capture}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ captured\ as\ part\ of\ a\ research\ or\ conservation\ initiative\ not\ related\ with\ health\ surveillance}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Market}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ kept\ in\ a\ market}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Context}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-9}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ captivity\ Category\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Tradepost}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ is\ kept\ in\ a\ trade\ post}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Found\ Dead}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Found\ Live\ Sick\ or\ Injured}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Found\ Live\ Healthy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Initial\ Health\ Status}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ health\ condition\ in\ which\ the\ animal\ is\ found\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Animal\ Parts}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Adult}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Juvenile}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fetus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Age}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ age\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Female}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-3}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sex}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-11}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-3}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ sex\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Male}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fresh\ Carcass}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Early\ Descomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Leathered\ Skin\ and\ Bones}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Condition\ Dead\ Animal}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-4}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ condition\ of\ the\ dead\ animal\ found\ at\ the\ Event.\ Select\ one\ option}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Advanced\ Decomposition}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No\ Obvious\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Behavior}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abnormal\ Gas\ Content}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bad\ Smell}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bleeding,\ Wound,\ Bruises}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Part\ Missing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Diarrhea\ or\ Vomiting}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Difficult\ Breathing\ Coughing}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fracture,\ Deformation,\ Inflamation,\ Prolapse}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Loss\ of\ Hair\ and\ Feathers}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oiled/Covered\ by\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Problem\ Standing\ Walking\ Flying}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin\ Abnormality}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thin\ Or\ Skinny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Whitish,\ Reddish,\ Yellow\ Discharge}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Anomalies\ Observed}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-20}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-16}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ anomalies\ in\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Anomalies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ register\ the\ anomalies\ in\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ that\ are\ not\ present\ in\ the\ 'Anomalies\ Observed'\ Attribute}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unknown}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Drowned}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Electrocution}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Entangled}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fishing\ Gear}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Old\ Age}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Non-Infectious\ Disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Traditional\ weapon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Poison\ or\ Toxin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Predation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stranded}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Starvation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trap\ or\ Snare}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dehydration}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trauma\ or\ Collision}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gunshot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Potential\ Cause}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{MLIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-18}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ potential\ cause\ of\ death,\ disease,\ or\ injury\ in\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event.\ Multiple\ options\ can\ be\ selected}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vehicle\ Accident}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sample\ ID}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ code\ to\ identify\ each\ sample\ collected\ from\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ individually}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Abscess}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Adrenal\ Gland}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Air\ Sac}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bloodclot}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Body\ Cavity\ Fluid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Bone\ Marrow}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Brain}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Cerebrospinal\ Fluid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Chemical\ Substance}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Crop\ Contents}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dry\ Feces}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Dry\ Meat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Esoohagus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Eye}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Feather}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fetus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Filter\ Paper}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fleas}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fresh\ Feces}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Fresh\ Meat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gall\ Bladder}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Gastric\ Contents}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Hair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Heart}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Joint\ Fluid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Kidney}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Large\ Intestine}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Lice}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Liver}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Lung}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Lymphnode}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Mammary\ Gland}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Milk}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Mites}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Mixed\ Tissue}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Nasal\ Swab}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Nerve}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oral\ Swab}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Oronasal\ Swab}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Tissue}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Ovary}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Pancreas}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Plasma}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Platyhelminths}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Rectal\ or\ Cloacal\ Swab}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Round\ Worms}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Salted\ Meat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sediment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Serum}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Skin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Small\ Intestine}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Spinal\ Cord}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Spleen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Stomach}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Testes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Thyroid\ Gland}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Ticks}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Tongue}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Tooth}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Trachea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Umbilicus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Unclassified\ Parasite}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Urine}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Urinary\ Bladder}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Urogenital\ Swab}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Uterus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Vomitus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-69}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Sample\ Type}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-69}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{The\ type\ of\ sample\ collected\ from\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Whole\ Blood}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Collected\ Directly\ From\ Animal?}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Answer\ to\ the\ question\ 'was\ the\ sample\ collected\ directly\ from\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event?'}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Yes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\ }}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-1}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{3-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{No}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{1.97in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Was\ The\ Carcass\ Collected?}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-73}{*}{\parbox{0.75in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{LIST}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-2}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedright \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Answer\ to\ the\ question\ 'was\ the\ carcass\ of\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event\ collected?}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Yes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-3}\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{5-6}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 1.97in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{Other\ Relevant\ Information}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{TEXT}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{A\ text\ field\ to\ provide\ any\ other\ relevant\ information\ regarding\ the\ sample\ collected\ from\ the\ animal\ observed\ at\ the\ Event}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedleft}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\multirow[c]{-137}{*}{\parbox{2.76in}{\raggedleft \textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}>{\raggedright}m{\dimexpr 2.76in+0\tabcolsep}!{\color[HTML]{666666}\vrule width 0.75pt}}{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{}}} \\

\ascline{0.75pt}{666666}{1-6}



\end{longtable*}



\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}

\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{\Oldarrayrulewidth}

\global\setlength{\tabcolsep}{\Oldtabcolsep}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1}



\end{document}
